Which brother do you want to accompany you today?
Tell me about it.
Of course my little sister is with me
Right little sister little sister
The cherry blossoms in Yunhai Park are blooming
Do you want to see
What's so beautiful about cherry blossoms?
Little sister
How about a racing car?
What kind of car race?
What to do if you scare Xiaomei?
Well, Xiaomei and the fourth brother went to the concert
Xiaomei, the company has a signing meeting today.
Do you want to go and see with me?
Well, the second brother, the third brother, the fourth brother and the fifth brother
I'll make an appointment with you another day.
OK
That little girl is yours for the time being.
Little sister company is in a hurry
I have to go back and deal with it.
You go in with Butler Zhong first
I'll be back soon
The signing ceremony was held normally
If I hadn't come back in time
Let the little sister admit as the representative of the deceased group
Ok Mr. Li
Go, little sister